something more comfortable with
confidence in people we go come on come
dine alone tell my mom no no gun giant
cousin our cover yeah huh call me down
let me down here ok ya know cuz I'm now
we'll come down Pamela bassein gone yeah
I hope I'm coming down in about that
yeah i'm gonna go ahead cuz of my clean
girl you're gonna going outside kong in
no time I won't talk I don't chop it up
iqaluit we need to tell my uncle yeah
come wit now I think she could tell come
on Pamela bass am go yeah yeah yeahs
gonna head coach I'll go look I can tell
you go go go go go go baby boy to man
yeah I can tell oh yeah oh god oh and I
suppose I'm na milegi use out I'm so ye
I you know I am come down vehicle hold
oh yeah
yeah Tolan jong-il monitor tail I don't
know which I was like I all my mama to e
wait well how do I don't know yet a why
again are you my own rehab tonight yeah
now i'm tony how long ago Sabu a little
weird on let me know before you here
Diana forgive me home yeah I go bang gu
hai do you bowl of the Icicle cool I'm
couple mi amigo guna off the widow come
on up I'll call him cool go hey do you
know he go guys go go now come on your
they ask you with you all huh ya go wow
oh wow cool i do ya got eagle ID I'm
cool yeah yeah yeah pull out of that ok
cool someone follow you I live on the
junior huh tickle it h ow come on i'm
always on my cool down south coo coo
like I am good idea how cool are you
coming out one view icon oh yeah yeah
yeah Google not affected emulate the
commander for half little poppy didn't a
buck-toothed bottle Go Go Go definitely
a quitter yeah Oh
some ikea because someone wanted oh hey
girlie thank you Michael you don't it
well I do now jump in our google so Jen
do ya got one light offa you don't make
flowers how cool with so and so we hate
to elope oh yeah i'm jungeun a rock
mining will be calling it your family my
arm yeah I can I deprecating Carla OMG
guys go hold on your company hold on it
is an ID half law take OMG ty calm calm
I am now ecological ukai conquer your
day I'm to NatGeo what about me oh yeah
TMG toy oh oh oh hey Bernard Oklahoma
night over my day you know go go go go
oh ok yay alright got that durka